# Intro
Folio Camp was my first attempt at creating a functioning digital product and this essay is about the lessons I've learned along the year and a half of this project. I've learned a lot both from the product, design & technical sides of building and I hope I can help people on this journey.
My preferred way to learn new skills is through side projects. I’ve dabbled with just designing & building small prototypes but I decided this time I wanted to build a fully featured product with the goal of getting people to use it.
I started thinking about problems I could solve for people I knew and I settled on Product Designers. I thought about common problems they might face, and to see if there was something I'd be interested in solving for them. The area that I settled on was the Design Portfolio. It’s something that most designers have to do and it can be a long-winded process. 
I developed an initial hypothesis that people don't take enough notes in their working career to keep track of their projects. When it came to writing about their work, they didn’t know what points to hit. Based on this hypothesis, I went out and did interviews with a couple of Product Designers. I found that there wasn't a problem with notes as they had developed ways to keep record of the work that they did. I decided to take another punt on a second hypothesis, that the problem was in the portfolio creation process. That compiling a portfolio is a painful, time intensive exercise.
This hypothesis gave me the product idea of creating a time boxed virtual bootcamp to get their portfolios together. People would sign up, pay a nominal fee & commit to finishing their portfolio in a certain amount of time. I thought of assigning a group of people you do the bootcamp with. 